I'm like I said we're going to be using the Al carrousel cheek where we plug in.
All right so again we go to Google.
We write our curse on them too and we open up.
Whole curso and right away we have multiple things right.
We have home and we have demos.
And then over here we have documentation and don't want.
Right.
And before we dive into documentation Let's do that all right.
So here you can see that I just download the carousel and then we can keep on going and actually let's
see what they would want from us.
All right.
So here.
First things first they're all going to say the installation.
Right.
And these are the things that they require.
So this is going to be our carousel men and our theme default.
And so those are going to be to see as far as the next one.
Now this one is optional but I highly suggest this because this is right away going to add some styles
by default.
No down at all.
One would be Jake Weary an hour here the actual men.
J.S. Right.
So let's go here to the downloads.
Right now I can see the two of them over here.
I'm just going to open this one up and this and then we're going to go to distribution and we're going
to see where it is.
Right so maybe let's minimize this here let's look where we have a distribution.
And over here we have first of all we have a minge Yes here then with an asset.
We're going to find those out Kairo so mean yes and theme default Mincy assess.
So two of them are here.
So remember this guy and let's grab this guy here.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to create a new folder and I'm going to say let's call it owl right
which is going to stand for our cars and drag all these folders over here.
And what I'm going to do with this folder when I drag it over here to our project.
All right so once we have it we can actually close this one here.
Then we can go back over here and then we can go back to our document here and I can see that I should
someone have.
All right so all of these are here.
So the way we're going to do this go all the way to the top.
And first we're going to have a how.
Yes.
So this is going to be a whole oh here and then we'll have a link press time and we're going to say
no.
First of all to start with men CSSA here then orients is going to be all theme.
So whole theme here.
And again this is going to be Lenk press time and we're going to see how all the fault is.
So I will say this.
Now we would want to go to script all the way to the bottom line and let's say after Nahm scroll would
say we're here it's going to be a whole and let's say G-S here and again we're going to have a script
press time.
It's going to be source for the source.
What we would want is a whole wall here and the source.
So see our.
Yes.
Or you doing this now for our what we would want is default.
What I mean.
Yes.
All right.
And then we would need a custom write custom model or we can actually go ahead and add in our script
form.
Right it really doesn't matter right.
The last one that we had covered was progress bar so maybe we can do it over here.
You say we're here and this is going to be all curso just maybe delete some of these comments here select
the whole thing right and let's do the beard.
All right so here we start on here.
This was the first one that he created this was for a toggle button and then this was for the scroll
tab then smooth scrolling and then accordion and then on here this was our progress box right.
So now it's work with our covers.
And what would they want for the Alcaraz first.
All right.
So say this more here and let's go back now.
First what they're saying is setting up the HDMI.
Right.
And you can see here we have a div basically with the class of our carousel and then on here these are
going to be children right so we have one parent one child.
So where we have this in our document it's all going to go back over here.
And sure enough you can see or hear when we had quotes center I remember we had our curso And we also
had our theme.
Right.
And again this is just for styling right.
So this is optional.
We still had it.
But the point is we have a div and then we had three articles.
And so we had one to three articles.
Those are the children.
So those are the divas in this case.
Right.
Then over here if we would want right.
The simplest way is actually just to have a document ready function which we already have and then we'll
just set our curso our cards.
All right.
So here you can see that we're obviously calling this class.
Right.
So that's the one that we were interested in.
So if you're going to be using a different class right then obviously this is going to be different.
But for now since we're using our curso and also all we can do with this.
Now we're not going to do the most simplest right example.
We're all going to do right away you can see that we have demos right.
And you can see let's say here we have basic responsive and on here this is going to be Center.
So let's start with a basic one right because what's going to happen you can see right away it shows
what we're going to how.
Right.
So this is going to look that we're going to have an hour here you can see that everything is already
right.
So loop is true margin turn right now.
True responsive or.
And if you're wondering where you're getting this right here we can go back documentation right then
over here you can see that this is going to be infinity loops center.
So those are the options that you can actually work with.
All right.
So if we go back to options or you're right and you can see one by one right items where default history
right.
But here you're working with an object so it has three margin 0 right.
However for that basic one already stuff was set up where we were going to add some of our own right.
And I'm just showing you we're all getting getting them from right now.
I'm going to go one by one right and actually show you what they do because again that's completely
totally separate tutorial.
However let's say Now Fred will be using now what you have over here is now of Boullion.
You can see by default is false.
So we are obviously going to make it true and that's how we're going to get it now.
So now I showed you where to get the docs right and I got it all going to go back to them.
This is going to be our basic point.
Right.
The only thing is right away you can just copy and paste this right.
And there's really no rocket science right.
So we can just copy and paste this here right away.
Get a basic one on.
It's always easy after that the customized.
Right.
And this is what I suggest.
Always in the beginning once you start working with something right it's really easier to actually have
a look at how they have done it.
Start making your own changes.
And believe me that's when you're actually going to learn how everything is set up right.
Because in the beginning you might do a lot of type of mistakes that are unnecessary right because I
read all documentation and everything is set up for us right.
Here we have a loop true margin 10.
Not true at all here responses.
Now what I would want to add is smart speed and that's going to be the amount of time is actually loading
right.
Again I got this in documentation and the way I'm doing this I'm going to say smart I'm going to say
speed here we're going to set it equal to let's say two seconds.
And so this is going to be how long it takes for the actual slide to go through.
Right.
Smarts beat 2000.
And then over here you can see the response right.
Well basically this is saying is how many items would be on the screen of when we have 600 when we have
all your thousand and whatever like five.
Right.
And in general I'm going to change just one right so this is going to be one.
But maybe for now let's just let's just keep it the way it is right.
Just so we can see what's happening.
I'm just explaining what this does.
And this just tells you with the screen size how many items you are going to.
So let's say this right here right away you can see that this is what will all right.
And let's go to the bigger screen.
It's going to look better.
All right.
We're going to refresh here and now we can see that I have five of them right.
Because that was the value over here.
Right.
And since you can see that it's basically repeating them right.
So now basically we have five of them.
Now what are we going to do here.
Like I said we're going to change it to 1 because I would just want it to be sliding on every screen.
I would just wanted to be one right one on zero 610000.
And I'm just going to keep these responses just in case I change my mind.
All right.
So again I would say this here to refresh.
And sure enough right now we have a massive one right here like this.
But you can see what's happening right now is that we're going to have to work hollowbody with this
image right.
So it's not as I said we're here right.
But what we're mostly concerned over here is this Button's right.
We're going to also change them but you can see that we have a working carrousel right away.
Now let's go ahead and let's actually get rid of all here these big screen right.
Because this is not what we want.
We wouldn't want this whole thing all the time to be let's say hundred in something like this right.
To be stretching like this image.
So we're going to go to Maine.
When when when and where is image going to go.
And we're going to say important right.
So not only we're selling it right one time 100 pixels but we're just overriding the default from the
actual Our Carrousel.
So again if we're going to refresh now I can see that obviously now we can control it however you want.
Now I would say this is a little bit better looking.
Right.
And the smart speed.
And we had it over here in the script.
Right.
This is like I said how long it takes.
All right so you can see that now it's sliding like two seconds and obviously the default value would
be a little bit less because I always like my animations will take longer time so you can see you actually
see what that they're happening.
And now what I'm interested over here is you see these buttons you can actually style them right.
It's not it's not set in stone how they look like.
So maybe we would do that.
So we're going to do a little bit of customization you see or hear this theme right.
That's the one that's actually making these buttons so if you're not going to include this class or
here right now you're not going to see them.
And trust me I've done this mistake in the beginning a lot where I did couldn't find the buttons because
I wasn't including the whole thing.
So if you want the button to include the whole thing then or here let's go back over here like I said
to our theme default.
Right.
It is a man.
So going to save it here with the beautifier can get it like this.
Let me order for now I can see everything appears.
Now one by one all theme all night.
All right.
And we see you all here at the call right and you can see brackets right away highlights where we actually
work.
So Caller Well what would be the caller didn't we run.
What do we want first of all a background right.
We would probably want the yellow one right.
So 9 1 4.
All right then let's say as we're actually hovering right what we would want right.
So as we hovering was just the color that we want.
Probably not.
All right so we're going to go back over here.
Let's let's get our blue on blue.
Where is our moon here.
Right and we're just going to copy this we're going to go back over here.
We're going to say as we're hovering right we're going to have this color Now let's say for the color
or is going to keep black 1 1 9 1 9 1 9.
And also for the same same for this 1 9 9 1 9 9.
So this is going to be in black color but if you want you can actually change it right now so you can
do it over here.
Also once we have worked with these ones let's work here with these little dots.
All right.
We're going to scroll it down here and you can see or hear right as we're hovering what should happen
right now.
Let's use the little one right.
So this is going to be one when we're holding this copy and we're going to go back over here right now
this is going to be blue as we're actually going on here this is going to be simple background.
See 9:24 right.
So only when the actual image or hear them is going to be blue and or here are going to be all right.
Now I can see how easy it is.
All right.
How fast we can actually work with a.
And set it up right now this is going to be our old carousel.
Right.
Just going to be responsive basically.
And there's obviously more customization we can do we can actually get rid of these dots altogether.
We can move these over here somewhere right.
We can change what is inside.
Over here we can actually place phantasm.
And actually my bootstrap course I have this how we are actually customizing this right.
But for now we're just going to leave it the way it is because we're mostly focusing on fluxbox but
you can see that you're not limited to fluxbox and see a grid.
All right.
There are options how you can actually customize a lot of things right by using Jake plug plugins.
I can hear you if you can see that.
Obviously this was the basic online.
But if we go back to demos there's many options.
This is not the only one and for all of them it's very easy to just go right away see the documentation
right.
First of all they show you the look and this is going to be the look that you can get the center image
here.
And over here you can see that this is going to be.
Since this is an object right of center true.
And again like I said in the beginning I would suggest that just copying pasting is changing the values.
Understanding how it works.
Right.
Because that limits your mistakes because if you make one mistake and let's say you're targeting the
wrong class or or anything like this I mean a lot of things can happen as you were adding this order
here.
Jake replugging right.
And you're limiting those mistakes by actually going with the default options.
That would be my suggestion to you not just because you know I don't want to retype everything every
time right.
But it's also because it limits your own mistakes.
Right now you're ready to move on to our last section of this vast panel of project.